How's the energy? Notgood.
People are very upset.
And our polling numbers?
Down in the northeast.
Let's hope this works.
Well, let me start by saying
how deeply sorry I am.
I made a mistake yesterday
here while at a campaign stop
at Philly's prize.
I ordered a cheesesteak...
Protein style.
(Camera shutter clicks)
(Crowd booing)
The amoroso roll
locks in the flavor!
You're right to be upset,
and I never meant
to disrespect anyone
by eating a bowl
of meat and whiz.
(Crowd booing)
I've learned that...
A person isn't defined by the
mistakes that they've made,
but how they respond to them.
You know, it's a lesson I
learned not too far from here
when I was 15,
living in Bethlehem.
I was fighting, stealing, lying.
You must be rich. Yeah.
And all around just messing up.
I can't believe it.
He stood me up.
But I really liked this girl,
and I was desperate for her
to give me a second chance.
What the hell?
It's 6:15 in the morning.
I know, but you won't
answer my calls.
I'm sorry for standing
you up the other night.
I wanted to meet you,
but I had family stuff.
Please let me make it up to you.
Karen, someone's
at the door for you.
Dwayne, what are you doing here?
It's 6:15 in the morning.
What's happening?
Oh, that was
my twin sister Lisa.
She goes to St. Francis.
She and the nuns
have been at odds
so she's been
in a bad mood lately.
I didn't know you had a twin.
There's a lot you don't
know about me.
Maybe if you'd shown up
for our date...
I'm sorry. Like I told your,
your sister,
I didn't mean to stand
you up, but my mom...
I have to get ready forschool
adult Dwayne: And my dad, well,
he was trying to make up
for his own mistakes, too.
Ah, cockroach!
Hey, hey, no, no, no.
It's not a cockroach. It's
just a Rose in full bloom.
Dewey went out for an early run.
We have the house to ourselves.
The music is playing,
and I can give you a massage.
Ah, no, it's okay.
I'll just sing to myself
while I stretch.
We need to get ready for work.
Babe, I swear I wasn't partying
at that wrestling convention.
I had to stay overnight
for meetings.
Come on, rocky, we're
all going to the bar.
Soundshke an important meeting.
Babe, wrestling deals are made
over a six pack of beer
and country...
It's just hard
to hear you partying
while I'm here trying to
parent our son and pay our bills,
which is why we can't
be late for work.
You should return that Rose.
We can't afford romantic
flowers right now.
Babe.
What are you doing?
Stop eating jam.
We're out of breakfast stuff.
I told you if we run
out of something,
write it down
on the grocery list.
I did.
Morning. What's
going on? Girl troubles.
Our son was eating jam
straight from the jar.
(Car honks) Oh, that's Gabe.
Gotta go. Need a ride to school?
No, no, no, no, it's cool.
I have a ride.
What's up? (Engine chugging)
(Horn honks)
Ah, this car would not be
popular with the ladies,
but it would be hilarious
in a police chase.
(Chuckles)
Your car is a real
embarrassment, Gabe.
Yeah, it's kind of for work.
Do you think it's okay
that I left it in the alley?
Oh, yeah.
Don't worry about that.
Nobody touching
that piece of garbage.
Now this, this is a car.
See these seats?
Genuine leather.
The dash,
that is tortoise shell.
You know how you can tell?
'Cause of the pattern.
Because of the pattern.
Real nice, Mr. Johnson.
Yeah, sorry I can't
let you sit down.
Next time, bring a towel
or wear pants without rivets.
Oh, I'm good. Happy to hover.
My quads are burning,
but it's a good burn.
Wait till Karen sees you
pull up to school in this car.
(Chuckles)
Make her forget
you stood her up.
Yeah. Oh.
Baby's running low on fuel.
Uh-oh. Oh, no.
Ugh, I'm a little
light this morning.
Hey, Gabe, you got a couple
extra bucks I can borrow?
Oh, I got my dad's gas card
but I'm only supposed to use
it for the pizza car.
I won't tell if you won't.
Can someone scratch
my nose for me?
Rocky: Have a good day at
school, and when your friends ask,
she's a 1987
Lincoln continental...
(In French accent)
Givenchy designer series.
(Turns up radio)
Breakin' away
(tires screech)
What an exit.
No, dude, dude,
let's not walk by the field.
Let's use the side
entrance. Why?
The assistant football
coaches are out,
and they won't leave me alone.
They're always harassing me.
Dude, what are you
talking about?
All right, fine. I'll show you.
Let's go!
Hey, champ.
Where you walking to
on those big legs?
Is your father a 747?
'Cause you got
a hell of a wingspan.
Damn, son, you got a body
like a fillet mignon.
It's rare.
Come on. Don't be like that.
Just run a cone drill.
Five minutes.
Hey, knock it off,
will you, guys?
Leave the kid alone.
Man: Sorry, coach cwik.
Unbelievable, right?
What's the big deal, man?
They want you to play.
Young Dwayne: Man, the only
game I'm interested in playing
is trying to get
another shot with Karen.
Gabe: Ah, so you playing
the deadliest game, love.
Rocky: What the...
What are y'all staring at?
What are you doing?
Diane won't notice.
You sound just like Dewey.
She's definitely gonna notice.
Uh-oh, they're the wrong way.
They should be face
fonnard, burn to the wall.
I like to feel seen.
Wow, this place looks so
great, and so fast.
Well, we have four hands now,
so we'll be able to
get things done a lot quicker.
Ata, can I talk
to you for a minute?
I'm finally going
to the galapagos!
(Gasps)
I'm going to be part of
an immersive nature experience
where you observe wildlife
up close, like dan/vin.
I have to get special shoes
so I don't slip on the rocks.
Oh, my god, that's amazing.
I told you you needed
to treat yourself.
I'll be gone two months.
I know that money is a concern
so I wanna pay you extra today
along with all the
perishables in my fridge.
Oh, no, no,
that's not necessary.
I insist,
and I'll call you
the moment I get back.
Oh, have a great trip.
I hope you like root vegetables
because I went crazy
at the farmers market.
I was shopping nervous.
Well, if you're gonna stare,
I'ma give you a show.
Oh, there it is. (Grunts)
(Laughs)
(School bell rings)
(Girls whispering)
No, we're not talking to him.
Hi, can I speak to Karen
for a second?
Are you gonna be okay, Karen?
I'm okay. Thanks, Karen.
Karen's strong.
Bonnie out.
But Bonnie watching.
I'm so sorry for bailing
on dinner the other night.
Please give me a second chance.
Here, I got you something
to apologize.
I love animals
wearing sunglasses.
I know. You told me
when we watched the tonight
showtogether on the phone.
Okay, I'll give you
another chance.
Yes! Babe, that's amazing.
If you show me that you take
this relationship seriously.
Yeah.
Have me over for dinner with
your parents Friday night.
Why? Haven't you
already met my dad?
For, like, one second.
I wanna meet your mom.
And I'm not getting
stood up again,
so I'm coming to where you live.
Look, I like you,
but either you think
I'm parent-meeting material,
or we're done.
Okay, fine.
I'll pick you up at 6:00.
5:30.
I'm doing this thing
where I don't eat lunch,
so I'll be a grump by 6:00.
See you Friday.
Karen wants to come over
and have dinner with my parents.
Yo, that's great, man!
No, dude, it's terrible.
She thinks I'm rich.
She's gonna find out
I've been lying.
She can't see where I live.
It's embarrassing.
Well, dude, maybe she
won't care about that.
She's gonna care about it, man.
You haven't seen her house.
Looks like the bad guy's house
in a kid's movie.
God, I gotta find a bathroom.
Oh, anxiety butt?
I had that bad
during psats, dude.
Boy's room is right over there.
Those stalls are too small.
Only seven weeks
till spring break.
Let's not talk, man.
Yeah.
Whatever. I'll catch you later.
All right. Take it slow.
Adult Dwayne: The thought of
Karen coming over was messing me up.
Unfortunately,
I made the mistake
of taking it out
on the wrong person.
Coach cwik.
What the hell
are you doing in here?
This is the teachers' lounge!
I'm too big for the
regular bathrooms.
Boy, you better
get the hell out.
No one else is
even in here. Out.
Man, today is not the day.
Make me say it one more time,
we'll have a real problem.
Okay, sure.
If ileave_.
After I wash my hands.
Oh, you're gonna be
a son of a bitch?
I'll call the principal.
Principal Bogg? Uh-huh.
Tell him officer Dwayne
Johnson said what's up.
Pass me a paper towel.
Know what, never mind.
I'll get my own.
Get out!
Later, boss.
Do you want me to put in a tape?
I got some Neil diamond,
earth, wind & fire...
Why do I feel like I'm the
only one who's worried?
Diane was our
twice-a-week client.
Losing her is a big hit,
and rent is due next week.
Babe, we always figure this out.
I'm gonna see of a and sika
at the gym later.
I'll see if they got
any local matches coming up.
And we should ask around,
find out if anyone
needs a cleaning service. Mmm.
Maybe put an ad in the paper,
although that costs money.
Everything costs money.
This bag smells.
You called him boss after
you shoulder-checked him?
Power move.
I was just pissed off.
It's this Karen dinner.
It's making me crazy.
Well, did you tell your
parents she's coming over?
I'll tell my dad
at the gym later.
Maybe he can help me
figure out what to do.
Maybe if you ask your mom
to make you something
fancy for dinner,
then Karen won't
notice your apartment.
Fancy like what?
Like Turkey burgers?
Turkey burgers?
You give a girl a Turkey burger,
she should spit in your face.
I mean, you can make it classy,
you know, with, like,
a salad or something.
Turkey makes you sleep,
and it makes you fart, Dwayne.
You looking to sleep and fart,
or you looking
to have a little fun?
Fine. Then what should we have?
I got three words,
iinguini and clams.
Nah, I don't think...
Listen to me.
Women go wild for
iinguini and clams.
Clams are an aphrodisiac.
Something about them on top of
iinguini drives women crazy.
Something in the sauce,
it mixes with their DNA.
I don't know
'cause I'm not a doctor.
if it's the electrons
or the hormones or what,
but when clam juice and iinguini
hits a woman's bloodstream,
huh... (Chuckles)
All hell breaks loose.
If it works so good, then why
isn't it on our menu?
'Cause we don't have
insurance for that!
A bunch of crazy women
ripping our seats out?
Come on!
(Quietly) Sorry.
(Retro pop music)
Ata.
Hi. Look, before
you say anything,
Toby's been let go.
We had no idea about his history
when we hired him,
and what can I say?
He's a master
manipulator. Who's Toby?
So you're here for a class?
No, actually, I need to
cancel my platinum jazz plan.
It's not that I
don't love it. I do.
It's just a bit too
much money right now.
Oh, okay.
Um, I don't know if
you read the fine print
on your jazzport
membership card,
but there are no refunds.
Come on, Stephanie. It's me.
Okay, I am not
supposed to do this,
but I can offer you
10% off your next platinum plan
if you renew today.
We take cash, check,
or credit card.
The only thing
we no longer accept
is Toby bucks.
Hey. Fellas.
Hey, y'all talk to hal?
He got any local matches
on the horizon?
Nah, he's got nothing coming up.
Hmm, all right, well, you hear
anything, let me know.
Hey, dad.
Uncle of a, uncle sika.
Hello, Dewey.
Dewey, give me a spot.
Mustache coming in strong.
That weight was too light.
Hey, I need to
ask you something.
I got a problem with this girl.
Oh. Uh, okay.
You and this lady had some fun,
but now there are consequences,
and you need help dealing...
No, dad, Karen wants to come
over for dinner tomorrow night.
(Chuckles)
Well, I'm relieved
to hear that, son.
You scared me
for a second, there, Dewey.
What a wild few
seconds that was.
But her family's rich,
and I sort of led her
to believe that I was
rich too, and now...
The chickens have
come home to roost.
(Chuckles) I understand.
You were working a gimmick,
and you cornered yourself.
I guess I should just come
clean to her then, right?
Wrong, son.
What you gotta do
is work the gimmick even harder.
(Doorbell rings)
'Sup, Karen?
Or Lisa?
No, it's me, Karen.
Lisa's in a room
with my parents.
She just told them
she's a lesbian.
Nice car.
Thanks. It's a Lincoln continental
givenchy designer series.
I've never seen you
drive this to school.
You know, a lot of kids
bombing around there
with their learner's permits.
I don't trust them
around my baby.
I brought eclairs.
The cream is called chantilly,
which is also what I want
to call my daughter.
Beautiful.
(Upbeat pop music
playing on radio)
I'm planning to go
to barbizon modeling school
after I graduate.
That makes sense!
You're so pretty!
Thank you.
Can we turn this music down?
Sorry, I was just
trying to show you
the six-speaker stereo.
Most cars only have four so...
Anyway, I got discovered
eating a chocolate bar
at hershey park.
I'm planning on being
a catalog model
because they don't have
the same height
requirements as runway,
and I'm business-minded
about it.
You comfortable?
These seats are genuine leather.
And you see this dash?
Tortoise shell.
Mmm-hmm, yeah.
So how far is it to your house?
Instead of going to my house,
I thought we could
just drive around,
enjoy the elegance of my conty.
Dwayne, I told you
I didn't eat lunch.
I'm gonna need some food.
No problem.
I got us a reservation
at the most romantic
spot in the city.
(Wind whooshing)
Isn't this picnic nice?
You enjoying your
iinguini with clams?
No, the wind blew dirt in it.
Yeah, I guess it really
does pick up at night.
Here, have some of mine.
Watch out with that fork.
You're really close to my eyes.
Stop!
Sorry, it's just
so dark. Hold on.
Dwayne!
Oh, no, here comes the moths.
(Screams, spitting)
The lights, turn off the lights!
Okay, we can eat in the car,
but we really can't spill
on the seats.
I wanna have dinner at
your house with your parents!
I was looking fonnard
to your mom cooking us
a traditional meal from your...
Homeland of origin.
She's from Samoa.
That is what I want.
Some lovely Samoan food.
Take me to your house
or take me home.
Okay, fine. Let's go
to my house.
Here we are.
Let me just...
Oh, I forgot my house key.
My mom hates it
when I ring the doorbell
late at night.
It disturbs the horses.
I guess we got
to do this another time.
Dwayne, this is
the mayor's house.
I know that because I
threw up here on a field trip
after I ate too many
circus peanuts.
All right, fine.
I don't wanna take you
to my house, okay?
I know you think I'm rich
because I wear nice clothes
and my dad is famous,
but I'm not.
We live in a crappy apartment,
and my mom cleans houses
with my dad
when he's not lucky enough
to be wrestling in flea markets.
I didn't wanna tell you
because you
obviously wouldn't understand.
Your house is perfect.
You're perfect.
And... yeah.
Do I like that you're poor? No.
But I hate that you
lied to me about it.
So, yeah, maybe I am
a little shallow.
You didn't even
give me a chance.
Take me home.
For real this time.
You know what?
This wasn't half bad.
It's turnip pie. You want
another piece?
No. I mean, uh, I'm so full.
This jazzercise
contract is crazy.
I don't think there's
any way out of it.
Listen to this.
"Every dispute will be
settled by Christine."
Is she the one
with the thick back?
There he is. How'd that date go?
Terrible. I don't understand.
Did you double down
on the gimmick like I said?
Yeah, and it blew up in my face.
What's going on?
Dad told me to work
the gimmick extra hard,
and it backfired,
so now Karen hates me
and the mayor's security team
has our license plate number.
Why do we have red celery?
Okay, it's rhubarb
from the farmers market,
and we're all gonna eat it.
I need you two to stop
working the gimmick
and start working on a solution,
a real solution because we've
got real problems
like rent being due
in a few days.
We could get evicted.
That should be your priority,
not what some girl thinks.
Whatever that is, son...
Don't eat it.
Where's your car?
I sold it.
What do you mean you sold it?
And I got good money for it too.
You know, it's a givenchy...
Designer series, yes, I know.
Rocky, I can't believe
you sold your car.
You love it so much.
We needed to pay rent.
I can ride with of a and sika
if I book any shows,
and we can sign
a cheap lease on a Van,
which will be better
for the business.
I'm working the solution.
Hey, can you drop me off
at school on your way to work?
Thanks for giving us
a ride to work, Gabe.
No problem. I have some parmesan
and crushed red pepper packets
in the glove box if
anyone's feeling snacky.
It's crazy you had
to sell your car, dad.
You loved that thing.
Yeah, but I love
your mom even more.
It's about
taking responsibility.
Adult Dwayne: What my dad said
really resonated with me.
I had messed up
things with Karen,
but I still had a shot
to do something right.
Hey, coach cwik,
you got a second?
Hey, big fella. Looking big!
Not now, Barry.
I know I acted like a jerk.
I've been stressed lately
about a lot of things,
and I took it out on you,
and I'm sorry.
I appreciate that.
I appreciate that
apology very much.
Tells me who you are,
right, as a man.
Thanks for giving me
another chance.
Hey, we all deserve
a second chance.
Why don't you
play football for me?
Coach, I don't got
time for that.
I mean, my family...
Hey, I don't want to cross
a line here or anything.
You live out
in the east side, right?
I grew up around there too.
Football can open doors
for guys like us.
This game can get you
into college,
take you who knows how far.
Out there is opportunity.
You work your ass off,
give yourself a chance.
You really think I got a shot?
You got the size.
If you got the talent,
sky's the limit.
All right. I'll be
here tomorrow.
Good for you.
Hey, that's it, Marcus!
Adult Dwayne: You know, when
you give someone a second chance,
you never know how
they could surprise you.
If I hadn't apologized
to coach cwik,
I never would
have found football,
and football gave me direction.
It gave me discipline,
but, most of all,
it gave me hope for
a better future for my family.
Go eagles!
I didn't know it then,
but that moment,
that apology when I was 15,
well, that changed
the course of my life.
We all deserve a chance
to learn from our mistakes,
and I hope the people of Philly
will give me a second chance
to make them proud.
(Cheers and applause)
Go eagles!